[Docs] peering strategies (#2674)
liqotech/liqo: docs/advanced/peering-strategies.md

# Peering strategies

Liqo provides different strategies to establish a **peer** between clusters, depending on your use case:

## Automatic

This method provides a way to create a **peer** using a single command.

> This method is the **easiest** way to establish a peering between two clusters but is **less flexible** than the manual method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the **easiest** way to establish a peering between two clusters but is **less flexible** than the manual method.
```

All liqo modules are initialized and configured automatically.

> Furthermore, it requires to have access to **each cluster Kubernetes API Server at the same time**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, it **requires** to have **access to each cluster Kubernetes API Server at the same time**.
```

This method is ideal for a **simple setup** where you want to establish a peering between two clusters without worrying about the details.

Refer to the [peering](/usage/peer) page for more information.

## Manual on cluster couple

This method allows you to interact with a single **liqo module**.
You will be able to configure each module separately at a more granular level.

> This method requires to have access to **both clusters Kubernetes API Server at the same time**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it **requires** to have **access to both clusters Kubernetes API Server at the same time**.
```
